>> Francesca Sadikin: All right,
Feedback Loops.
To ensure you're still growing,
it is important to create feedback
loops from those around you.
You cannot rely on your manager, like
waiting to see if your manager just gives
you feedback every so often,
because sometimes your
managers are not people managers
who are trained in growing people.
And other times they're just busy, right?
Sometimes you're gonna
have to just ask for this.
You want to be aiming for weekly or
bi-weekly, so every two weeks,
feedback sessions, and
you're aiming for timely feedback.
So that you can address it early and
often preventing these issues from
snowballing into really big problems.
I find that just asking your manager,
how am I doing?
Do you have feedback
from me is not helpful?
They have a very hard time answering that.
So I recommend asking
very specific questions.
For example, is there something I
could have done for this task better?
What areas do you think I
could have improved upon?
When you're thinking about trying
to go for promotions and stuff,
you can ask,
do you have any suggestions for
how I can take on more responsibility or
expand my role?
What goals or objectives should I
focus on in the upcoming months?
This is just to see what
do they expect from you?
What would exceeding
expectations look like for them?
How do you gain visibility into my work?
So this one's really, really important
because you want to know how your manager
is keeping track-of on you, right?
Are they just using what you're
saying to validate your work?
Are they hearing it from another engineer?
Or is it through the review cycles?
You wanna know so that you are making
sure that the correct feedback about what
you're doing and its impacts is actually
being delivered to your manager.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Asking for Help.
So very common struggle for engineers
is how to ask questions and ask for
help without looking like you
don't know what you're doing.
So this is a little bit of trying to
make sure we don't trigger our imposter
syndrome.
So I have a few tips including,
Timeboxing.
So this just means you you go into
an agreement with your manager
about how long is it okay for
you to be stuck on a problem?
Maybe that's one hour, two hours,
three hours or something like that, and
then after which your managers like I do
not want you to keep spinning by yourself,
I give you permission to go and
ask for help.
I want you to figure this out
through help of someone else.
So it's nice to have that in your mind so
you don't feel like there's this
other barrier to asking for help.
When you go to this other engineer for
help, it's really important
to show your due diligence.
So I'm assuming everybody has
actually tried different things, and
you don't want to go to this engineer and
just say, I need help, and that's it.
That kind of creates this narrative
like did you not do anything?
What did you do?
Right, so you wanna go to them and
say like hey, I tried this,
which resulted to this.
Here are the other things I tried,
and then this is what happened.
Now this is my hypothesis.
But I ran out of time.
What do you think about that?
And now this becomes
a collaborative investigation
with this other engineer where you guys
can figure out the problem together.
>> Francesca Sadikin: When you finally get
some sort of solution or the next step,
I also find it really important
to clarify your assumptions.
I think a lot of engineers,
sometimes they made assumptions about what
was actually happening, and they actually
really didn't understand it at all.
And so by restating what you
think the problem was and
what you're supposed to do
next to the other engineer,
if you had made an incorrect assumption,
they can immediately figure that out and
then tell you, and
then steer you back onto the right course.
So, this is just important to make sure
you're not rabbit holing in the wrong
direction.
And then lastly, just express gratitude,
thank this engineer.
Hopefully this is a new working
relationship that you're gonna always
be building now, and so
just expressing things goes a long way.